docs/nodes/list_main/join.rst, before:

List Join
=========

Functionality
-------------

level 1:
[ [ (1,2,3), (4,5,6) ] ] + [ [ (7,8,9), (10,11,12) ] ] = [ [ (1,2,3), (4,5,6), (7,8,9), (10,11,12) ] ]

level 2 mix:
[ [ (1,2,3), (4,5,6) ] ] + [ [ (7,8,9), (10,11,12) ] ] = [ [ (1,2,3),(7,8,9),(4,5,6),(10,11,12) ] ]

level 2 wrap:
[ [ (1,2,3), (4,5,6) ] ] + [ [ (7,8,9), (10,11,12) ] ] = [ [ [ (1,2,3),(4,5,6) ], [ (7,8,9),(10,11,12) ] ] ]

level 2 mix + wrap:
[ [ (1,2,3), (4,5,6) ] ] + [ [ (7,8,9), (10,11,12) ] ] = [ [ [ (1,2,3),(7,8,9) ], [ (4,5,6),(10,11,12) ] ] ]

level 3:
[ [ (1,2,3), (4,5,6) ] ] + [ [ (7,8,9), (10,11,12) ] ] = [ [ [1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12] ] ]

level 3 mix:
[ [ (1,2,3), (4,5,6) ] ] + [ [ (7,8,9), (10,11,12) ] ] = [ [ [1,7,2,8,3,9,4,10,5,11,6,12] ] ]

level 3 wrap:
[ [ (1,2,3), (4,5,6) ] ] + [ [ (7,8,9), (10,11,12) ] ] = [ [ [1,2,3,4,5,6],[7,8,9,10,11,12] ] ]

level 3 mix + wrap:
[ [ (1,2,3), (4,5,6) ] ] + [ [ (7,8,9), (10,11,12) ] ] = [ [ [1,7],[2,8],[3,9],[4,10],[5,11],[6,12] ] ]

Inputs
------

**data** multisocket

Parameters
----------

**mix** to mix (not zip) data inside
**wrap** to wrap additional level
**levels** level of joining

Outputs
-------

**data** adaptable socket

Commit message:

List Join Numpy mode and other Numpy candy (#2871)
* List Join numpy mode and other numpy candy

* Object baker of Viewer Draw supports numpy

* Random Num Gen right click menu

* Vector Out performing only if any output is connected

* Data Shape informs about numpy arrays shape

docs/nodes/list_main/join.rst, after:

List Join
=========

Functionality
-------------

This node joins different list into a single one.

level 1:
[ [ (1,2,3), (4,5,6) ] ] + [ [ (7,8,9), (10,11,12) ] ] = [ [ (1,2,3), (4,5,6), (7,8,9), (10,11,12) ] ]

level 2 mix:
[ [ (1,2,3), (4,5,6) ] ] + [ [ (7,8,9), (10,11,12) ] ] = [ [ (1,2,3),(7,8,9),(4,5,6),(10,11,12) ] ]

level 2 wrap:
[ [ (1,2,3), (4,5,6) ] ] + [ [ (7,8,9), (10,11,12) ] ] = [ [ [ (1,2,3),(4,5,6) ], [ (7,8,9),(10,11,12) ] ] ]

level 2 mix + wrap:
[ [ (1,2,3), (4,5,6) ] ] + [ [ (7,8,9), (10,11,12) ] ] = [ [ [ (1,2,3),(7,8,9) ], [ (4,5,6),(10,11,12) ] ] ]

level 3:
[ [ (1,2,3), (4,5,6) ] ] + [ [ (7,8,9), (10,11,12) ] ] = [ [ [1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12] ] ]

level 3 mix:
[ [ (1,2,3), (4,5,6) ] ] + [ [ (7,8,9), (10,11,12) ] ] = [ [ [1,7,2,8,3,9,4,10,5,11,6,12] ] ]

level 3 wrap:
[ [ (1,2,3), (4,5,6) ] ] + [ [ (7,8,9), (10,11,12) ] ] = [ [ [1,2,3,4,5,6],[7,8,9,10,11,12] ] ]

level 3 mix + wrap:
[ [ (1,2,3), (4,5,6) ] ] + [ [ (7,8,9), (10,11,12) ] ] = [ [ [1,7],[2,8],[3,9],[4,10],[5,11],[6,12] ] ]

Inputs
------

**data** multisocket

Parameters
----------

**mix** to mix (not zip) data inside
**wrap** to wrap additional level
**levels** level of joining

Advanced Parameters
-------------------

In the N-Panel (and on the right-click menu) you can find:

**NumPy Mode**: When enabled the node will expect and produce lists of NumPy arrays. It will be faster when joining NumPy Arrays but due the nature of the implementation it will fail when trying to join arrays with different axis number. 


Outputs
-------

**data** adaptable socket
