docs/nodes/matrix/matrix_normal.rst, before:

Matrix Normal
=============

Functionality
-------------

This node calculates a Position Matrix from a location and a Normal Vector. Is useful to place meshes in custom planes (or polygons)

Inputs & Parameters
-------------------

+-------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Parameters        | Description                                                                                      |
+===================+==================================================================================================+
| Track             | Determine with axis should match the given normal                                                |
+-------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Up                | Parameter to sort the other axis                                                                 |
+-------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Outputs
-------

One (or many) Transform Matrix


Examples
--------

Using the the node to place a mesh according to a base mesh vertex normals.

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/vicdoval/sverchok/docs_images/images_for_docs/matrix/matrix_normal/matrix_normal_sverchok_blender.png
  :alt: Matrix_Normal_Sverchok.PNG

Commit message:

Matrix_in vectorized (#2735)
* Matrix_in vectorized

* vectorization and tooltips of matrix_normal, matrix_track_to and matrix_euler

docs/nodes/matrix/matrix_normal.rst, after:

Matrix Normal
=============

Functionality
-------------

This node calculates a Position Matrix from a location and a Normal Vector. Is useful to place meshes in custom planes (or polygons)

Inputs & Parameters
-------------------

+-------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Parameters        | Description                                                                                      |
+===================+==================================================================================================+
| Track             | Determine with axis should match the given normal                                                |
+-------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Up                | Parameter to sort the other axis                                                                 |
+-------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

On the right-click menu there is a "Flat Output" toggle. While active (as it is by default)
it will join the first level to output a regular matrix list ([M,M,..]) that can be
plugged to any other node. If it is disabled the node will keep the original structure
outputting a list of matrix lists ([[M,M,..],[M,M,..],..]).

Outputs
-------

One (or many) Transform Matrix


Examples
--------

Using the the node to place a mesh according to a base mesh vertex normals.

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/vicdoval/sverchok/docs_images/images_for_docs/matrix/matrix_normal/matrix_normal_sverchok_blender.png
  :alt: Matrix_Normal_Sverchok.PNG
