docs/nodes/generator/torusKnot.rst, before:

Torus Knot
==========

Functionality
-------------

Torus Knot generator will create a torus knot based on its radii sets, curve resolution and phases.

Inputs
------

All inputs are vectorized and they will accept single or multiple values.

- **Major Radius**    [1]
- **Minor Radius**    [1]
- **Exterior Radius** [2]
- **Interior Radius** [2]
- **Curve Resolution**
- **Revolution Phase**
- **Spin Phase**

Notes:
[1] : Major/Minor radii are available when Major/Minor mode is elected.
[2] : Exterior/Interior radii are available when Exterior/Interior mode is elected.

Parameters
----------

The MODE parameter allows to switch between Major/Minor and Exterior/Interior radii values. The input socket values for the two radii are interpreted as such based on the current mode.

All parameters except **mode** can be given by the node or an external input.

+-------------------------+------------+------------+-----------------------------------------------+
| Param                   |  Type      |  Default   |  Description                                  |
+=========================+============+============+===============================================+
| **Major Radius**        |  Float     |  1.00      |  Major radius of the torus [1]                |
+-------------------------+------------+------------+-----------------------------------------------+
| **Minor Radius**        |  Float     |  0.25      |  Minor radius of the torus [1]                |
+-------------------------+------------+------------+-----------------------------------------------+
| **Exterior Radius**     |  Float     |  1.25      |  Exterior radius of the torus [2]             |
+-------------------------+------------+------------+-----------------------------------------------+
| **Interior Radius**     |  Float     |  0.75      |  Interior radius of the torus [2]             |
+-------------------------+------------+------------+-----------------------------------------------+
| **Curve Resolution**    |  Int       |  100       |  Number of vertices in a curve (per link      |
+-------------------------+------------+------------+-----------------------------------------------+
| **Revolution Phase**    |  Float     |  0.00      |  Phase revolution vertices by a radian amount |
+-------------------------+------------+------------+-----------------------------------------------+
| **Spin Phase**          |  Float     |  0.00      |  Phase spin vertices by a radian amount       |
+-------------------------+------------+------------+-----------------------------------------------+

Notes:
[1] : Major/Minor radii are available when Major/Minor mode is elected.
[2] : Exterior/Interior radii are available when Exterior/Interior mode is elected.

Extra Parameters
----------------
A set of extra parameters are available on the property panel. These parameters do not receive external input.

+-------------------------+------------+------------+-----------------------------------------------+
| Extra Param             |  Type      |  Default   |  Description                                  |
+=========================+============+============+===============================================+
| **Adaptive Resolution** |  Bool      |  False     |  Adjusts curve resolution dynamically         |
+-------------------------+------------+------------+-----------------------------------------------+
| **Multiple Links**      |  Bool      |  True      |  Generate multiple links in a degenerate knot |
+-------------------------+------------+------------+-----------------------------------------------+
| **Flip p**              |  Bool      |  False     |  Flip REVOLUTION direction (P)                |
+-------------------------+------------+------------+-----------------------------------------------+
| **Flip q**              |  Bool      |  False     |  Flip SPIN direction (Q)                      |
+-------------------------+------------+------------+-----------------------------------------------+
| **P multiplier**        |  Int       |  1         |  Multiplies the p count [1]                   |
+-------------------------+------------+------------+-----------------------------------------------+
| **Q multiplier**        |  Int       |  1         |  Multiplies the q count [1]                   |
+-------------------------+------------+------------+-----------------------------------------------+
| **Height**              |  Float     |  1.00      |  Scales the vertices along Z by this amount   |
+-------------------------+------------+------------+-----------------------------------------------+
| **Scale**               |  Float     |  1.00      |  Scales both radii by this amount             |
+-------------------------+------------+------------+-----------------------------------------------+
| **Normalize Tangents**  |  Bool      |  True      |  Normalize the TANGENT vectors [2]            |
+-------------------------+------------+------------+-----------------------------------------------+
| **Normalize Normals**   |  Bool      |  True      |  Normalize the NORMAL vectors [2]             |
+-------------------------+------------+------------+-----------------------------------------------+

Notes:
[1] Used without adaptive resolution these allow to create aliased torus knots resulting in all sorts of interesting shaped knots.
[2] Turn off normalization to save computation whenever the output vectors do not need to be normalized.

Outputs
-------

**Vertices**, **Edges**, **Tangents** and **Normals**
All outputs will be generated when connected.


Example of usage
----------------

Commit message:

Add shift parameter to Torus Knot node
- Add shift parameter to allow points to be shifted along the curve.
The Shift values are 0-1, where 0 = no shift, and 1 = a complete shift of the points along the curve.

- Optimize edge generation

- Various variable renaming

docs/nodes/generator/torusKnot.rst, after:

Torus Knot
==========

Functionality
-------------

Torus Knot generator will create a torus knot based on its radii sets, curve resolution and phases.

Inputs
------

All inputs are vectorized and they will accept single or multiple values.

- **Major Radius**    [1]
- **Minor Radius**    [1]
- **Exterior Radius** [2]
- **Interior Radius** [2]
- **Curve Resolution**
- **Revolution Phase**
- **Spin Phase**

Notes:
[1] : Major/Minor radii are available when Major/Minor mode is elected.
[2] : Exterior/Interior radii are available when Exterior/Interior mode is elected.

Parameters
----------

The MODE parameter allows to switch between Major/Minor and Exterior/Interior radii values. The input socket values for the two radii are interpreted as such based on the current mode.

All parameters except **mode** can be given by the node or an external input.

+-------------------------+------------+------------+-----------------------------------------------+
| Param                   |  Type      |  Default   |  Description                                  |
+=========================+============+============+===============================================+
| **Major Radius**        |  Float     |  1.00      |  Major radius of the torus [1]                |
+-------------------------+------------+------------+-----------------------------------------------+
| **Minor Radius**        |  Float     |  0.25      |  Minor radius of the torus [1]                |
+-------------------------+------------+------------+-----------------------------------------------+
| **Exterior Radius**     |  Float     |  1.25      |  Exterior radius of the torus [2]             |
+-------------------------+------------+------------+-----------------------------------------------+
| **Interior Radius**     |  Float     |  0.75      |  Interior radius of the torus [2]             |
+-------------------------+------------+------------+-----------------------------------------------+
| **Curve Resolution**    |  Int       |  100       |  Number of vertices in a curve (per link      |
+-------------------------+------------+------------+-----------------------------------------------+
| **Revolution Phase**    |  Float     |  0.00      |  Phase revolution vertices by a radian amount |
+-------------------------+------------+------------+-----------------------------------------------+
| **Spin Phase**          |  Float     |  0.00      |  Phase spin vertices by a radian amount       |
+-------------------------+------------+------------+-----------------------------------------------+
| **Shift**               |  Float     |  0.00      |  Shift the points along the curve (0-1) [3]   |
+-------------------------+------------+------------+-----------------------------------------------+

Notes:
[1] : Major/Minor radii are available when Major/Minor mode is elected.
[2] : Exterior/Interior radii are available when Exterior/Interior mode is elected.
[3] : shift = 0 for no shift, shift = 1 for a complete shift along the curve

Extra Parameters
----------------
A set of extra parameters are available on the property panel. These parameters do not receive external input.

+-------------------------+------------+------------+-----------------------------------------------+
| Extra Param             |  Type      |  Default   |  Description                                  |
+=========================+============+============+===============================================+
| **Adaptive Resolution** |  Bool      |  False     |  Adjusts curve resolution dynamically         |
+-------------------------+------------+------------+-----------------------------------------------+
| **Multiple Links**      |  Bool      |  True      |  Generate multiple links in a degenerate knot |
+-------------------------+------------+------------+-----------------------------------------------+
| **Flip p**              |  Bool      |  False     |  Flip REVOLUTION direction (P)                |
+-------------------------+------------+------------+-----------------------------------------------+
| **Flip q**              |  Bool      |  False     |  Flip SPIN direction (Q)                      |
+-------------------------+------------+------------+-----------------------------------------------+
| **P multiplier**        |  Int       |  1         |  Multiplies the p count [1]                   |
+-------------------------+------------+------------+-----------------------------------------------+
| **Q multiplier**        |  Int       |  1         |  Multiplies the q count [1]                   |
+-------------------------+------------+------------+-----------------------------------------------+
| **Height**              |  Float     |  1.00      |  Scales the vertices along Z by this amount   |
+-------------------------+------------+------------+-----------------------------------------------+
| **Scale**               |  Float     |  1.00      |  Scales both radii by this amount             |
+-------------------------+------------+------------+-----------------------------------------------+
| **Normalize Tangents**  |  Bool      |  True      |  Normalize the TANGENT vectors [2]            |
+-------------------------+------------+------------+-----------------------------------------------+
| **Normalize Normals**   |  Bool      |  True      |  Normalize the NORMAL vectors [2]             |
+-------------------------+------------+------------+-----------------------------------------------+

Notes:
[1] Used without adaptive resolution these allow to create aliased torus knots resulting in all sorts of interesting shaped knots.
[2] Turn off normalization to save computation whenever the output vectors do not need to be normalized.

Outputs
-------

**Vertices**, **Edges**, **Tangents** and **Normals**
All outputs will be generated when connected.


Example of usage
----------------
